<ui:composition
        xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
        xmlns:jsf="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf"
        xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
        xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
        xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
        xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
        xmlns:pt="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/passthrough"
        xmlns:fb="https://www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"
        xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jstl/core"
        template="/template/layout/layoutPadrao.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="tela">

        <f:event listener="#{usuarioFacade.aoVincularFacebook}" type="preRenderView" />

        <div class="vincular-facebook">
            <h1>Vincular conta ao Facebook</h1>
            <p>#{usuarioFacade.usuarioLogado.facebookUserId}</p>

            <hr />

            <c:if test="#{usuarioFacade.usuarioLogado.facebookUserId == null}">
                <script>
                    // This is called with the results from from FB.getLoginStatus().
                    function statusChangeCallback(response) {
                        // The response object is returned with a status field that lets the
                        // app know the current login status of the person.
                        // Full docs on the response object can be found in the documentation
                        // for FB.getLoginStatus().
                        if (response.status === 'connected') {
                            // Logged into your app and Facebook.
                        } else if (response.status === 'not_authorized') {
                            // The person is logged into Facebook, but not your app.
                        } else {
                            // The person is not logged into Facebook, so we're not sure if
                            // they are logged into this app or not.
                        }
                    }

                    // This function is called when someone finishes with the Login
                    // Button.  See the onlogin handler attached to it in the sample
                    // code below.
                    function checkLoginState() {
                        FB.getLoginStatus(function(response) {
                            statusChangeCallback(response);
                        });
                    }

                    window.fbAsyncInit = function() {
                        FB.init({
                            appId      : '490808757747862',
                            cookie     : true,  // enable cookies to allow the server to access
                                                // the session
                            xfbml      : true,  // parse social plugins on this page
                            version    : 'v2.2' // use version 2.2
                        });

                        // Now that we've initialized the JavaScript SDK, we call
                        // FB.getLoginStatus().  This function gets the state of the
                        // person visiting this page and can return one of three states to
                        // the callback you provide.  They can be:
                        //
                        // 1. Logged into your app ('connected')
                        // 2. Logged into Facebook, but not your app ('not_authorized')
                        // 3. Not logged into Facebook and can't tell if they are logged into
                        //    your app or not.
                        //
                        // These three cases are handled in the callback function.

                        FB.getLoginStatus(function(response) {
                            statusChangeCallback(response);
                        });

                    };

                    // Load the SDK asynchronously
                    (function(d, s, id) {
                        var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
                        if (d.getElementById(id)) return;
                        js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;
                        js.src = "//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js";
                        fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);
                    }(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));
                </script>

                <!--fb:login-button scope="public_profile,email" onlogin="checkLoginState();"></fb:login-button-->
                <a href="#" class="paper-btn faceLogin"><span class="ic-facebook2"></span> Vincular conta ao Facebook</a>
                <div style="display: none;">
                    <h:form>
                        <input type="hidden" jsf:value="#{usuarioFacade.usuario.facebookUserId}" id="facebookUserId" class="facebookUserId"/>
                        <a href="" jsf:action="#{usuarioFacade.vincularFacebook()}" id="btnLoginFace">face</a>
                    </h:form>
                </div>
            </c:if>

            <c:if test="#{usuarioFacade.usuarioLogado.facebookUserId != null}">
                <em>Sua conta já está vinculada ao Facebook</em>
            </c:if>

        </div>

    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>